Task №1
1. Go to https://rozetka.com.ua/.
2. Press on «Смартфоны, ТВ и электроника» without waiting for hover.
3. Press on «Телефоны».
4. Press on «Смартфоны».
4. Choose sorting by «новинки».
5. Verify that the first element on the page is visually labeled as "новинка" (“new”).

6. Find first element on the page, which does NOT have a label “new”, and in case if such element is found - verify that there are no elements with a label “new” after this one.
7. If there is no such element on the page, but there is a button «Показать еще XX товаров» present on the screen (where XX is a number that tells how many more elements should be loaded, e.g. 25 or 32) - press that button and try to find the element again. Repeat steps 5-6 as long as needed to find the element or come to the end of results.
The test should succeed if the first element has a label "new" and all "new" items on the page appear next to each other, while all items without such label are further down.
The test should fail if either the first element is not new or there is an element (or many elements) without a label "new" between elements with such label.

Task №2
1. Go to https://rozetka.com.ua/.
2. Press on «Смартфоны, ТВ и электроника».
3. Press on «Телефоны».
4. Press on «Смартфоны».
5. Choose “Производитель” - «Motorola».
6. Save the full name of some element which contains “Motorola Moto Z”.
7. Go to https://rozetka.com.ua/.
8. Fill in “Motorola Moto Z” into the search field on the top of the page and press «Найти».
9. On the search results page try to find the element with exactly the same name as the one you saved on step 6.
10. If there is no such element on the page, but there is a button «Показать еще XX товаров» present on the screen (where XX is a number that tells how many more elements should be loaded, e.g. 25 or 32) - press that button and try to find the element again (go to step 9). Repeat steps 9-10 as long as needed to find the element or come to the end of results.
The test should succeed if the element with the name saved in step 6 is finally found on any iteration.
The test should fail if the element could not be found and there is no button «Показать еще XX товаров» anymore.